Initial docs site cleanup (#7871)
aptos-labs/aptos-core: developer-docs-site/docs/move/move-on-aptos/modules-on-aptos.md

---
title: "Modules on Aptos"
slug: "modules-on-aptos"
---

# Modules on Aptos

> Aptos allows for permissionless publishing of [Modules](../book/modules-and-scripts.md) within a [packge](../book/packages.md) as well as [upgrading](../book/package-upgrades.md) those that have appropriate compatibility set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aptos allows for permissionless publishing of [modules](../book/modules-and-scripts.md) within a [package](../book/packages.md) as well as [upgrading](../book/package-upgrades.md) those that have an appropriate compatibility policy set.
```
